These are the official rules.
You can read the longer text version of the rules here: How To Post Questions It contains all rules, and explains how to post questions and avoid getting banned.
Posts must be about Java, C, C++, C#, Android, PHP, Computer Science and so on. Your post must contain a question about any such topic. We do not approve challenges, polls, quizzes, jokes, et cetera.
Do not send Admins or any other members a friend request without their consent.
No contest questions, no adverts, no spam, no religious, political, nationalistic, sexist, homophobic, and soon.
No backgrounds, no polls! Questions with fancy pants styling or polls will not get approved.
And no attachments. We only want questions and we don't want the file section filled with attachments.
Posts in standard English only. No slang, txtspk or l33tsp33k.
No contest questions, no job adverts. Use a FB IT Jobs group or similar.
If you are a raw novice, don't be afraid to ask - there are no stupid questions.
Before you ask, use Google and read your Java textbook, and the Java API or the manual of whatever you are using.
Do not ask people to do your assignment - we won't. We will help you to do it.
If your project is due in two days, and you haven't started yet - Forget it.
Be friendly and diplomatic.
Make your question clear and precise. Post your code through pastebin.com and give the error message
If you answer a question, make certain your answer is correct.
Do not ask, nor provide, information to achieve illegal goals, including sharing copyrighted stuff.
Do not supply code unless the OP has shown theirs. Do not supply student projects.
Do not tag people by name in questions
Closed threads are closed, we use the facebook feature to do that.
The goal of this group is not to promote your own blog or software.
Do not reply to old threads ('necro-bumping')
Do not ask a new question in a thread - start a new thread
Check our docs for suggested books and useful links
Avoid trolling.
Do not duplicate threads
Please avoid posts denigrating other languages, IDEs or OS
Do not swallow exceptions
